# sticky-note-teaching

This repository hosts a collection of tips and techniques for teaching
with sticky notes.  To contribute, please submit a pull request that
adds an entry to this page (`README.md`) or a file an issue for
discussion that proposes a change.  Comments on pull requests and
issues are also very welcome - please see `CONTRIBUTING.md` for more
details.

Please note that by doing contributing, you are agreeing that we may
incorporate your work in either original or edited form and release
them under the same license as the rest of this material.  Please also
note that we require everyone involved in this project to abide by our
code of conduct (found in `CONDUCT.md`)

## Fair Air Time

Some people are so used to the sound of their own voice that they will
insist on talking half the time no matter how many other people are in
the room. One way to combat this is to give everyone three sticky
notes at the start of the meeting.  Every time they speak, they have
to take down one sticky note.  When they're out of notes, they aren't
allowed to speak until everyone has used at least one, at which point
everyone gets all of their sticky notes back.  This ensures that
nobody talks more than three times as often as the quietest person in
the meeting, and completely changes the dynamics of most groups:
people who have given up trying to be heard because they always get
trampled suddenly have space to contribute, and the overly-frequent
speakers quickly realize just how unfair they have been.
